

The code book describes the variables, the data, and any transformations performed to clean up the data.

## Variables

* <b>header</b>: header is a vector with 561 elements. It is generated based on features.txt. it takes the 1st column as the header of X_train.txt and X_test.txt
* <b>X_train</b>: X_train is the data frame read from X_train.txt. It has 7352 rows and 561 columns. 
* <b>subject_train</b>: a data frame that contains the subject id ranged from 1 to 30 of the training data. It has 7352 rows and 1 column.
* <b>y_train</b>: a data frame that contains label of action. values range from 1 to 6 stands for differenct activities.
* <b>X_test</b>: the data frame read from X_test.txt. It has 2947 rows and 561 columns. 
* <b>subject_test</b>: a data frame that contains the subject id ranged from 1 to 30 of the testing data. It has 2947 rows and 1 column.
* <b>y_test</b>: a data frame that contains label of action. values range from 1 to 6 stands for differenct activities.
* <b>train</b>: data frame that combines X_train, subject_train and y_train together using cbind. It contains 7352 rows, 563 columns.
* <b>test</b>: data frame that combines X_test, subject_test and y_test together using cbind.It contains 2947 rows and 1 column.
* <b>data</b>: data frame that combines train and test together using rbind. It contains 10229 rows and 563 columns.
* <b>fnames</b>: vector that contains all header elemenents that have "mean" or "std" in it. fnames has 79 element in it.
* <b>mean_std_col</b>: character vector generated from fnames that gets rid of meanFreq. it has 66 elements in it.
* <b>sel_col</b>: vector that has all selected column names in it. It is generated based on mean_std_col plus action and subject.
* <b>selected_data</b>: data frame generated by selecting sel_col from data. It has 10299 rows and 68 columns.
* <b>actions</b>: character vector that contains all 6 activities: walking, walking_upstairs, walking_dowstairs, sitting, standing and laying.
* <b>m_selected_data</b>: data frame generated by merge actions and selected_data based on action. After merging, m_selected_data removed the action column from it. The data frame contains 10299 rows and 68 columns in it.
* <b>sh</b>: character vector that contains the header of the m_selected_data with 68 elements in it.
* <b>t3</b>: t3 is the character vector generated by modify the sh vector to make it more readable. The header of m_selected_data is set to use t3 which removed extra spaces and digits thats in original header (feature)
* <b>mdata</b>: the data frame generated by melt m_selected_data using activity and subject as id columns.
* <b>tidy_data</b>: data frame that calculate mean of each unique combination of activity and sujbect for all other variables in mdata. 

## Read input and wirte output file
# The training and testing data were read in using read.fwf.
# Ouput file was written using write.table(tidy_data, file="otuputfile", sep="\t", quote=F, row.names=F) 